# Lusid.Sdk.Model.OutputTransaction
A list of output transactions.
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**TransactionId** | **string** | The unique identifier for the transaction. | [readonly] 
**Type** | **string** | The type of the transaction e.g. &#39;Buy&#39;, &#39;Sell&#39;. The transaction type should have been pre-configured via the System Configuration API endpoint. | [readonly] 
**Description** | **string** | The description of the transaction. This only exists on transactions generated by LUSID e.g. a holdings adjustment transaction. | [optional] [readonly] 
**InstrumentIdentifiers** | **Dictionary&lt;string, string&gt;** | The set of instrument identifiers that can be used to resolve the transaction to a unique instrument. | [optional] 
**InstrumentUid** | **string** | The unqiue Lusid Instrument Id (LUID) of the instrument that the transaction is in. | [readonly] 
**TransactionDate** | **DateTimeOffset** | The date of the transaction. | [readonly] 
**SettlementDate** | **DateTimeOffset** | The settlement date of the transaction. | [readonly] 
**Units** | **double** | The number of units transacted in the associated instrument. | [readonly] 
**TransactionAmount** | **double** | The total value of the transaction in the transaction currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**TransactionPrice** | [**TransactionPrice**](TransactionPrice.md) |  | [optional] 
**TotalConsideration** | [**CurrencyAndAmount**](CurrencyAndAmount.md) |  | [optional] 
**ExchangeRate** | **double** | The exchange rate between the transaction and settlement currency. For example if the transaction currency is in USD and the settlement currency is in GBP this this the USD/GBP rate. | [optional] [readonly] 
**TransactionToPortfolioRate** | **double** | The exchange rate between the transaction and portfolio currency. For example if the transaction currency is in USD and the portfolio currency is in GBP this this the USD/GBP rate. | [optional] [readonly] 
**TransactionCurrency** | **string** | The transaction currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Properties** | [**Dictionary&lt;string, PerpetualProperty&gt;**](PerpetualProperty.md) | Set of unique transaction properties and associated values to stored with the transaction. Each property will be from the &#39;Transaction&#39; domain. | [optional] [readonly] 
**CounterpartyId** | **string** | The identifier for the counterparty of the transaction. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Source** | **string** | The source of the transaction. This is used to look up the appropriate transaction group set in the transaction type configuration. | [optional] [readonly] 
**TransactionStatus** | **string** | The status of the transaction. | [optional] [readonly] 
**EntryDateTime** | **DateTimeOffset** | The asAt datetime that the transaction was added to LUSID. | [optional] [readonly] 
**CancelDateTime** | **DateTimeOffset** | If the transaction has been cancelled, the asAt datetime that the transaction was cancelled. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RealisedGainLoss** | [**List&lt;RealisedGainLoss&gt;**](RealisedGainLoss.md) | The collection of realised gains or losses resulting from relevant transactions e.g. a sale transaction. The cost used in calculating the realised gain or loss is determined by the accounting method defined when the transaction portfolio is created. | [optional] [readonly] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

